JUST GETTING STARTED
Nwoke, Nick & Stephanie

The first principle of success is desire-knowing what you want.
Desire is the planting of your seed.

1)NOT Yet ,when i get money. I hate money.
2)Dad leave.
drinking ...
3)you have to separate yourself from masses, morals..
4)michale jordan...only way to succesful if you have to fail...missed most shots..
5)looking at sky who are you..
6)I need to give better life to my family...
school trak video game
all girl high school..
greatful for what we are gone through what makes us what we are today..
 I am not good enough..to get over to it. nothing to do with me they lack of mentorship.
life shouldnot be like this way.

you are the one who can change the legasy of family. burden of family.
education was key..took seriously, thick skin after bulling, taough rough...
in your face..

nick 1st meet..
women the men got this ...pay
academically good ..socially not...
corporate job 9-5 ----65

man if it is real we are going to worthy.
we fall in the love with people.  talking about controlling time.
You feel like i belong here...
some boday will take care of me....allowing me to grow feel like grow..
fun of me...you can talk about anything about me but don't mess with my dreams..
you are not there to pay my bill...appricate very much your opinion but not need it now
greay on black one...suits
This is not plan a for me this is plan a,b,c,d..z for me.
We have so much to learn from business.
two young peple make most of done..
learn to overcome to become..
i learn because of this business that i was not a victm. you are can not be victm and victorious..

key things..
rise a family legcy,being able to free,


4lot of people ..excited about future..
whats your worth you never ever set anything less than greatness and excelence in your future..
this is my home....home of winner..
what you get from it but what you get through it
you can be succesful by improving yourself....how many life you beffer off bcz you live
two parables
parable of starfish
old man young boy...walkarround th beach..

two young boys repect admiration...village...
jealous...climb up tree pick up sparow...door open up dore...listine wise old man ..sparow on my hand
live or dead...
smile kiss in your head..
in your hands..succed or fail on your hand..
you chose how great you want to be in this business...




We have so much to learn from business.
two young peple make most of done..
learn to overcome to become..
i learn because of this business that i was not a victm. you are can not be victm and victorious..
mentorship:
I dnt care i know who i was..
i do it what ever it takes..
I was excited about his future...
whats your worth you never ever set anything less than greatness and excelence in your future.
this is my home....home of winner.
The best and exciting part of this business besides materialsistic, monetary..things a, person i have become bcz of this.
The real war from this business is not neccesarily what you get from it, rather what you become through it.
you can be succesful by improving yourself....how many life you beffer off bcz you live



star fish:
An old man and his grandson were walking along a deserted beach at sunset.
The little boy became concerned about all the starfish that had washed up on the beach. 
He bent down and, one by one, began to return them to the safety of the ocean. 
“What do you think you are doing?” said the man gently to his grandson.
“I’m throwing these starfish back into the ocean,” said the little boy.
“It’s low tide now and all these starfish have been washed up onto shore.
The sun is up and, if I don’t throw them back into the sea, they’ll die up here.”
“I understand,” replied the old man. “But there must be thousands of starfish on this beach. You can’t possibly get all of them.
There are simply too many.
This is probably happening on hundreds of beaches all up and down the coast. Can’t you see that you can’t possibly make a difference?”
The little boy smiled, bent down and picked up yet another starfish, and as he threw it back into the sea,
he turned to his grandfather and said, “I made a difference to that one!”

In a small village there lived a wise old man to whom everyone turned for guidance and advice.
One day, a young boy decided he would confront the old man with a question that he knew the old man would not be able to answer correctly.
His plan was to find a little bird and hold it cupped in his hands hidden from sight.  
He would then approach the wise old man and ask him to guess what he had buried in his hands.  
If the old man answered it correctly, he would then ask him the zinger – whether the bird alive or dead? 
 If the old man said the bird was alive, the boy would crush the bird with his hands and kill it thereby proving the old man wrong.  
But if the old man said it was dead, the boy would open his hands and let the bird fly free demonstrating at last that the old man 
was not as wise as everyone thought him to be.

So the boy ventured off and found a little sparrow that fit neatly within his hands. 
As he approached the old man, the boy said, “wise old man, can you tell what I have in my hands?” 
“Why of course I can,” the old man responded without hesitation.  
“From all the small feathers clinging to your jacket and pants it is plain to see it is a little bird that you have cradled in your hands.” 
“Ah, that is so” the young boy exclaimed, “but is the bird alive or dead?” 
The old man paused for a moment then rubbed his chin in contemplation of his response.
Looking the young boy in the eyes, the old man replied in a soft tone “whether the bird is alive or dead is in your hands my child. 
The choice is yours.”